docs: structlog replacing loguru (#9791)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Components/components-processing.mdx

    The **File Name** parameter controls where the file is saved.
    It can contain a file name or an entire file path:

>     * **Default location**: If you only provide a file name, then the file is stored in the Langflow data directory (e.g., `~/Library/Caches/langflow/data` on macOS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Default location**: If you only provide a file name, then the file is stored in the Langflow data directory. For example,`~/Library/Caches/langflow/data` on macOS.
```

    * **Subdirectory**: To store files in subdirectories, add the path to the **File Name** parameter.
    For example, `subdirectory/my_file` creates `my_file` in the data directory's subdirectory.
    If a given subdirectory doesn't already exist, Langflow automatically creates it.

>     * **Absolute or relative path**: To store files elsewhere in your system or the local file system, provide the absolute or relative path to the desired location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Absolute or relative path**: To store files elsewhere in your environment or local file storage, provide the absolute or relative path to the desired location.
```
